we have references to 18+ Years Experience. While this is good, when it comes to my specific reference, its does not represent Vantixe reference. e.g. This is placed prominently at the beginning of the main page. This then gives the reader the impression this is a one band show. Let change this to something that says deep expertise and high caliber Procurement etc ect. Go through the page and tell me where there should be changes and suggest alternatives. Do not change it right away but propose it first to me.
/////
Current:
Boutique advisory firms are proving that bigger isn't better. Focused is better. Just as specialist investment banks now rival bulge brackets in deal volumes, boutique consultancies are delivering superior outcomes by eliminating Big Four overhead, conflicts, and junior consultant teams. Vantixe brings this proven model to procurement advisory.
Improvement:
I don't want to say too strong that we are eliminating junior consultant teams. Clearly we are not working with the same principle of having junior doing the main work. suggest some re-formulation

///
Under 02 the AI transformation:
"At Vantixe, AI isn't an add-on. It's integrated into every engagement. Our senior specialists use advanced analytics, machine learning models, and automation to amplify their expertise"
Improvement: We dont really use machine learning here - or would you say GPTs built in ChatGPT are machine learning?
////////


The Vantixe Advantage:
Specialists Only Teams:
"fob clients off with consultants lower down the ranks" this is a quote so best if we say who said it and where from. Can you build a reference to the FT article or whereever this is from? maybe somewhere a link to the page (even if its behind a pay wall).

Senior Led Delivery
Here its better to highlight that seniors deliver the project. On-site. and not only oversee it for 2h per week as typical big 4 or large consultancies drive their business. Otherwise this is very much again the 18 years experience here

Compelling Value
Good overall, just the "junior consultant factory to fund". The way that Big 4 and McK etc run their business is that the juniors are the cash cows. thats where the firms make their money. Is that what you are trying to say here? could this point be stronger when changed?
2nd point: Wasteful infrastructure: maybe better to call it unnecessary infrastructure or cosmetic infrastructure or shiny infrastructure?
///////

Contact page:
Delete the business hours.

Prefer to talk? Call NOW. what does it link to?

At the bottom section there is a Our Location. Delete this. This is only a post office. So I dont want to push it too much.

////

Services Page
"Our services are designed to be flexible—whether you need a comprehensive transformation or focused support in a specific area." No long dashes.

Cost optimization (use UK spelling everywhere throughout the homepage)
savings say 5-20% instead of 10-25%.

Our approach includes:
Mention also some advanced levers here, like Cost break down and calculation, Product teardown, Linear Performance Pricing, Supplier tiering, closed loop spend management.

Capability Building & Training
"We don't deliver generic training—we develop practitioners who can deliver results" no long dashes.
Programs include: Just say these are some examples here

Category Management & Strategy
Here we help companies optimise their process on how to create category strategies. It designing new ways of working basically, covering everything form templates, processes, training, pilot initiation and coaching, but also creating apps to guide the teams thorugh the process. thats actually the main service here that I want to offer and sell. Its not to conduct the category strategy and run category management for them - yes we can also do that. but this upfront piece I mentioned is the main one. So this section needs a complete rework. 

Risk Management
Bring also in that builfing the overarching risk framework. embed the risk evaluations throughout the procurement processes. and suggest and build appropriate controls. You can also mention here that risk and process efficiency needs to be in balance, so having proportional risk methods and controls applied is very crucial for companies. 

///
Why Choose Vantixe?
Fair pricing: Dont mention the 30-40%. just say significant lower. And again, no long dashes.

////////////////
About Page

"Founded by procurement experts who recognized a better way to serve clients— delivering Big Four quality without the overhead."
no long dashes.
Also: we provide better expertise and quality than Big 4's. Try to rephrase it, but not being too direct.


Leadership:
"GEP (North Asia Leader): Most recently, Michael led GEP's North Asia operations, overseeing consulting services, managed services, and procurement technology across the region. He was responsible for a diverse portfolio spanning advisory engagements, outsourced procurement operations, and technology implementations.
"

Instead of outsourced procurement operations. Say Procurement Managed Services 


"Throughout his career, Michael has worked with clients across industries including manufacturing, retail, healthcare, financial services, technology, and consumer goods."
Important, put at the beginning: utilities, public services, manufacturing, retail, healthcare, financial services, technology,  consumer goods, entertainment

"Michael's extensive network across Greater China, Southeast Asia, and global markets enables Vantixe to deliver value that extends beyond traditional consulting—connecting clients with the right suppliers, partners, and resources to achieve their goals."
Instead of this bring in a stronger focus on Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and Asia. Mention that I am a public speaker on Procurement events and conferences for my insights and forward thinking but of practical nature. Formulate it nicely. 











